* Before this GPS session, I wasn't that confident in my ability to implement the more complex Git commands, particularly the ones related to GitHub Workflow. Back then, it was difficult to remember which command would transfer the data between my terminal and GitHub repository without having to go look it up. I also still trying to get into what are considered to be good habits in Git/GitHub Workflow, such as remembering to create a new branch in the terminal so as to avoid messing with the master branch.

* Charlie and I worked really well off of each other and I feel that we really helped each other understand a lot of concepts we had about Git and GitHub that we were still trying to grasp. For instance, thanks to working with Charlie, I was able to better understand the proper protocal of how a pair/team can work with a single GitHub repository by putting it into practice. This especially helped me understand how to push changes I made over to him, and how I could pull his work over to my terminal.

* I feel like we asked each other some really good questions throughout the session that either related to the methodology in working with remote repositories and, in my case, how things generally worked in a paired session. This GPS was my first paired session for the program while Charlie had already attended a few meetings with some of his other partners, so he and our guide were able to give me very clear and concise answers to how the dynamic usually works between a driver and a navigator.

* I've thankfully gotten a better grasp with the commands related to GitHub, but I'm still trying to learn how to remember and utilize good Git/GitHub habits soon enough. At least once, in another assignment, I already forgot to create a new branch within my terminal in order to preserve the original content. Thankfully the work ended without problems, but I need to become more familiar with practicing these methods for future assignments.

* It was certainly a great learning experience in how to work effectively with a web development partner in a paired session, especially for situations where the partners are working from remote locations. This was my first ever paired session for DBC, so it felt like I was going into some uncharted waters at first. Thankfully, Charlie was a great and cooperative partner to work with and I couldn't ask for a better partner for my first GPS. I also appreciate all of the help/guidance that our assigned Guide provided us throughout the experience. He gave us assistance and advice when we needed, all while not "taking over" our work during the session and allowing us to work out the problems ourselves. I really hope that my future partners in the upcoming GPS sessions and regular peer sessions will be just as great to connect with and I look forward to what's coming next!