# Before this GPS session i was really struggling with Github in itself. It was not so much why we use it. But implementing it. Sharing your files with your teamates or just your own and accessing them

* During the GPS Sam and I seemed to work well with eachother by talking out what we needed to do. So I had questions about how to PULL work from Github. This was the perfect example of how to do that. We had one person made the REPO and then the other had to grab and use those files. This was the perfect exercise to really let me understand what i was struggling with, Pulling files from a repo.

* I felt like we asked some good technical questions. I really did not want our guide to solve any problems for us but do exactly what the title says "guide." I asked several Github questions like the previous answer about pulling from a shared repository. Also just some minor questions about what he prefers to use when he screen shares. Also just asked some questions about workflow making sure we we doing our steps correctly. We had to back track at one point and asked how we needed to get back. He did a great job of not telling us the answer but once again, guiding, us.

* I still get hung up a bit on merging and pulling files from  branches. Right before the GPS i had my second PPS. I think that the PPS was very helpful, my partner was extremely helpful about explaing how she does her workflow and uses git. I know that it just such a new concept and the more work i put in, the morei will understand how valuable and important it is.

* I feel my first experience was very helpful and enjoyable. I really enjoyed the challenge of showing a DBC grad and also a professional our progress. It was really encouraging at the end hearing the positive feedback he had for my partner and I. Even though at some points we struggled with some languages i felt like the communcation was good and we were able to work well with each other. The conversation at the end was maybe the best part. Knowing he is a professional, and saying encouraging things is the motivation we need to keep us going.